the dollar and it was beauty guilt and 16 plus one
video of this here is the video boxing of
disney equal are you waiting
look boxing farewell at the dolls I
I got to talk first where I completed.
have on the market these dolls will be the
Our store but the people I bought there
We had been commissioned from outside and have here and
Now at that time they were testifying of pec
villains in 2002 11 years but already bought the
magician the lessons that is then to have a
repeated on the pedro simões street that is
well this time
I can now conclude that the series of
to see if any further arrests covering
to make each brand has a mission
exclusive that I know I'm going to continue
of the incredible with the syndrome that well
cool I most wanted this package since
that he's a lot there the crowd is very
but the crowd mashed handsome since men
which is the power to begin with it the
Captain Jack Sparrow What So Far
let's open beauty people we have here
incredible syndrome
Look, it's very pretty or even in a city.
it's very strong that his best plate
look how nice it is
more a character than the incredible
Your only two promised I do not intend
buy another because I can
abandoned with himself that then expels
We have here a toast that he is very
large galley is well hurts really cool looks
Look who's watching, he'll come and get the
marketing for the marketing and
is that the marketing of the work was bad.
no service
the saints is complete and demonstrates
see your only addiction complete and here
we have lyon
wonderful from where much of the time
park comparing looks here behind that
And here I am Captain Jacks.
is what then here
the package 12 21 hours to tilt that the
The camera for you is in focus even better.
on here
Here the problem is just as well right of the
foquinha general beauty aquino crowd
Good, I hope you liked this.
video I'll get your dolls here
in our series ok let it be there
for the new dolls to leave their favor
can be in the flowers and leave your
also closed and this was worth
said and went